Best Practices for Ethereum developers on BOS (#1554)
near/docs: docs/bos/tutorial/bos-ethersjs-best-practices.md

---
id: ethers-js-best-practices
title: Best Practices for Ethereum developers on BOS
---

import {WidgetEditor} from "@site/src/components/social-widget"

In this example, we will create an Ethereum dApp on BOS that functions as a portfolio manager, displaying the current balances for a list of tokens. Additionally, we will display current market value of each asset in the portfolio.

We will be using several technologies:
- BOS for the user interface (UI).

> - [Ethers.js](https://docs.near.org/bos/tutorial/ethers-js) for retrieving balance data from the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ethers.js](bos-ethersjs.md) for retrieving balance data from the blockchain.
```

- CoinGecko API for fetching static content with information about tokens and their current prices.

> - [Social-DB](https://docs.near.org/social/contract) for storing the list of tokens to be tracked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Social-DB](../../social/contract.md) for storing the list of tokens to be tracked.
```

### Source code

```jsx
// Load current sender address if it was not loaded yet
if (state.sender == undefined && Ethers.provider()) {
  Ethers.provider()
    .send("eth_requestAccounts", [])
    .then((accounts) => {
      if (accounts.length) {
        // save sender address to the state
        State.update({ sender: accounts[0] });
      }
    });
}

// Load ERC20 ABI JSON
const erc20Abi = fetch(
  "https://ipfs.near.social/ipfs/bafkreifgw34kutqcnusv4yyv7gjscshc5jhrzw7up7pdabsuoxfhlnckrq"
);
if (!erc20Abi.ok) {
  return "Loading";
}

// Create contract interface
const iface = new ethers.utils.Interface(erc20Abi.body);

// specify list of tokens
const tokens = [
  "0x2260FAC5E5542a773Aa44fBCfeDf7C193bc2C599", // WBTC
  "0x6b175474e89094c44da98b954eedeac495271d0f", // DAI
  "0x1f9840a85d5aF5bf1D1762F925BDADdC4201F984", // UNI
];

// load receiver's balance for a giver token
const getTokenBalance = (receiver, tokenId) => {
  // encode `balanceOf` request
  const encodedData = iface.encodeFunctionData("balanceOf", [receiver]);

  // send request to the network
  return Ethers.provider()
    .call({
      to: tokenId,
      data: encodedData,
    })
    .then((rawBalance) => {

>       // decode responce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // decode response
```
